two minutes or thirty seconds of fame
and that's good that's fine they know
it's I think that it'll just he'll be
able to to help the team that will be
the focus right to not know Leonard to
have him in Miami when he was working
with players down there he developed a
relationship with Leonard and it just
small basketball world did you root for
Leonard
yes my dad was very excited to meet
Leonard when we went to Florida State
even though he's talked about how maybe
you didn't want to be the story winning
the talks did a media here at the last
couple days they spent a lot of time
talking about you so seems like founder
that's are they going to be
some parking spot well that's - his wife
and it's the mother of his children I'm
fine with that I mean I know that that
for him to do his job I need to take
care of the kids so I guess it's natural
that I'll be a little part of it but the
what I got the last couple weeks so I'm
hoping that's not the case and I don't
think it will be because I was a look I
was just little too crazy to go on too
long did you have to do best to come up
with a USC caller anyway you do much to
come up with you know my mom was a
target I ran to the department store she
was shopping for my daughter's birthday
and I was ran in department store to try
to find a dress and if we came out about
the same time and had everything we
needed a whirlwind surreal but a lot of
emotions but mostly excited and I had my
daughter's birthday yesterday so that
was - had to plan that and have her
friends over and that was fun it's been
crazy
I did use that I I definitely put
Disneyland in the in the cell there but
they're they're so young that they're
excited to have their cousins nearby and
still they around the basket basketball
team and and they want a house with
stairs so that's pretty much that I got
off easy Sandy's brother mark his
younger brother he lives here with his
wife she's from here and they have two
children so it's funny we just saw them
and they came all came to Fort Myers in
January all of and Eastside we got
together and we thought it would be such
a rare thing but apparently it's not
she's seeing a lot more of them which is
good seven five and well he's he'll be
to next Monday know where you knew
things weren't gonna be the same that
something was gonna happen after this
run that I think I think when we found
out we were going to the Institute
urnament I didn't see this happening but
I saw that the the door for was opening
for just to be able to be out there and
and and have a chance to to show show
the world it's the team and how well
they play so I saw it was exciting I saw
that there was a possibility there but I
never would have even imagined this you
seen how hard he's worked there sort of
this perception that
there's two wins and then this happened
you've seen how hard he had to build the
program this is not just kind of flu
exactly yes he's very smart he knows the
game he knows he concentrates on every
player he develop develops him as well
as he can and he just he's smart with
the game he's confident and he he knows
what he's doing so I I definitely see
him doing as you know as well as anybody
can as a coach he saw this early on when
we were when we got married I could see
the potential there as a fan I mean I
think that's all I know but yeah when
your kids maybe get a little older would
you have any interest obviously you're
out here in LA there's active modeling
there's all kinds of opportunities in
that realm which ever want to restart
your career I don't know I mean I was so
I'm so far removed from modeling it's
been so long and I be having three kids
I'm so busy with that and that comes its
first absolutely but I I don't know I
haven't really put a lot of thought into
it since we just found out her coming
here I haven't really had time to think
about it but I don't know I'm 34 so I
don't think I'm kind of think I'm a
little too old for it anyway but I'm for
that
and so I I can't really answer your
question Koli sorry
I had to find out issue I mean not that
she said I'm right I was like what what
is it being compared to this person I
want to know
there have been interview requests and
something about a reality show which
petrifies me no there's no way but
really that's it I mean it was just I
think because it was it was built around
the success of FGCU and now that that
died down and I mean this is so this is
so exciting here too but I'm I'm hoping
that the focus is going more towards
where it should be the basketball team
and and Howard we're just excited to be
here for that